Psalm 82 a psalm of Asaph God stands in
Psalm 82 a psalm of Asaph God stands in the congregation of the mighty he judges
the congregation of the mighty he judges
the congregation of the mighty he judges among the gods how long would you judge
among the gods how long would you judge
among the gods how long would you judge unjustly and show partiality to the
unjustly and show partiality to the
unjustly and show partiality to the wicked defend the poor and fatherless do
wicked defend the poor and fatherless do
wicked defend the poor and fatherless do justice to the afflicted and needy
justice to the afflicted and needy
justice to the afflicted and needy deliver in the poor and needy free them
deliver in the poor and needy free them
deliver in the poor and needy free them from the hand of the wicked they do not
from the hand of the wicked they do not
from the hand of the wicked they do not know nor do they understand they walk
know nor do they understand they walk
know nor do they understand they walk about in darkness all the foundations of
about in darkness all the foundations of
about in darkness all the foundations of the earth are unstable I said you are
the earth are unstable I said you are
the earth are unstable I said you are gods and all of you are children of the
gods and all of you are children of the
gods and all of you are children of the Most High but you shall die like men and
Most High but you shall die like men and
Most High but you shall die like men and fall like one of the princess arise O
fall like one of the princess arise O
fall like one of the princess arise O God judge the earth for you shall
God judge the earth for you shall
God judge the earth for you shall inherit all nations
inherit all nations
inherit all nations [Music]